Programming 4: Bug Hunting

Instructor: Guanhua Yan
Due date: December 1, 2015 (two days of grace period).

The goal of this project assignment is to learn how to find software
vulnerabilities like a computer security professional, or a real
hacker. In this project, you will use open-source fuzzers to look for
exploits in a software. For instance, you can try the VLC media
player, which can be downloaded from
http://www.videolan.org/vlc/index.html. You can download the list of
fuzzers from the website:
http://www.cs.binghamton.edu/~ghyan/fuzzing/. These are the steps you
can take:

Step 1: Specify a target program you want to exploit, and then try to
find the appropriate fuzzer for it (hint: zzuf is an easy one to use).

Step 2: Choose an initial file and run the fuzzer against the software
until it crashes, which generates a core dump, or for a certain period
(e.g., 1 hour).  

Step 3: Use CERT Exploitable (https://github.com/jfoote/exploitable/)
to check whether the core dump is exploitable.  

Step 4 (Optional): If there are some interesting exploits found from
this assignment, they will be disclosed with proper procedures and
then enjoy a few days of fame.  

Step 5: Write a final report on how you have made the fuzzer work and
what your results are. Include pictures to prove that you have made
the fuzzer run.

Bonus points: For any extra fuzzer (up to three), you will get 10
bonus points. To encourage diversity of the fuzzers being used, if a
student uses a fuzzer that none of the others have used, 10 extra
points will also be given.
